Hello, freak bitches. Uh,
but if you look at the multi-verse and I've had a,
I've had a one or two particular, uh,
multi-verse experiences where a time and reality has
changed in a way that I cannot explain it's. So what do you mean?
It's so incredibly profound that I still cannot wrap my mind around it. And, um,
these are psilocybin experience of psilocybin experience.
So I think the psilocybin experience might be a one world
portal, and I'm going to sound like Terence McKenna. I'm a vendoring in the,
to the, multi-verse the idea that, uh, time, uh, can be bent,
uh, that there are multiple universes occurring simultaneously in different
realities.
And I've had one experience in particular that is just unfathomable to me. Um,
I don't know how to explain it. Um, okay.
I'll give it a shot then you've already blown my mind 50 times
today. This is a very deeply personal experience to me, but, um, I was,
um, I was going to the evergreen state college.
I had the drug enforcement administration license. My brother,
John went to a Yale, uh, university. Um, he got a graduate, uh,
scholarship in neurophysiology at the university of Washington.
He came out to Washington state in Seattle. I was living in Olympia, Washington.
Um, I had a cabin, uh, up in the mountains near Darrington Washington.
Uh, then the summertime for three years, I set chokers. I was a logger.
I really believe in the school of hard knocks and the blending of academia with,
with blue collar hard work. I love chopping wood. I love running a chainsaw.
I love hard labor.
I think it gives my mind some respite to be able to think
so I'm in this highly academic environment. My brother, John is a,
he died unfortunately two years ago. [inaudible]
he got me involved in mushrooms as I'm going to segue and set the stage here,
but I needed another two minutes to set the stage here.
So I'm growing up in a small town in Ohio called Colombiana.
My brother John goes to is going to Yale.
He comes back one day and he gives me a book that he uses
for his class, but he's on break. And he says, I I'm really fascinated.
And John went to Mexico.
Columbia came back with a great stories of eating salts.
I have mushrooms and it was my older brother.
I just idolized him and his book called altered states of consciousness.
And so I said, John, can I borrow your book? He said, sure. And I said,
but Paul, and get back, you know, after my break is over,
I'm going back to college. This is part of our textbook. So I bought his book,
altered states of consciousness. I'm just fascinated reading it. You know,
about all these different ways of expanding your consciousness and 14 years of
age. And so my best friend, Ryan Snyder says, oh, can I borrow your book?
We're hanging together all the time. I go. Yeah. But my idea back.
And so he borrows my book and he doesn't return it a day. You know,
several days pass a week past, you know,
two weeks past my brothers coming back on break.
I thought I needed that book ball have, uh, back Paul. I go to Ryan. I go,
Ryan, I need my book. I need my book. And Ryan kept on avoiding the,
answering the subject until I finally give me my book. And Ryan goes,
I can't give it to you, Paul. I said, why? He says, my dad burned it.
I see your dad burned my brother's book.
I go WTF and use this phrase back then. I said,
oh my God. And I have a shout out to Ryan Snyder's father. Uh,
because of that event,
it stimulated my interest in older states of consciousness,
even more so that is,
so John goes to Yale and it goes to the university of Washington. I have this,
uh, DEA permit and I'm at the evergreen state college.
John calls me up and he says, Paul, I think I found some suicide mushrooms.
Uh, John said, you're really smart.
You've been collecting sloppy cubensis and Columbia and Mexico. But you know,
this, there are much more complicated up here. Think I said,
let me ask you a few questions. I said, okay, John, can you take us corporate?
And he goes, yes. And I go as a spores. Purple brown. And he goes, yes,
they are. Purple brown. I go good. Okay. Now John,
does it have a separable gelatinous pellicle and then he goes, what's that?
And I go, well, break the cap. These are growing on wood chips.
Great break the cap. And in separate the cap very slowly.
Do you see a little skin this translucent? And he breaks it and goes, yeah,
I see that skin or the John, the growing and woodchips and he goes, yes, I go,
are they turning blueish? He goes, yes. They're standing really bright blue.
I go, wow. I said, John, how many did you find? He goes,
you would not boom. Believe it. It was a huge amount. I said, wait,
I say buddies, Paul, they're in a very sensitive place.
You better come up here right away.
So I jumped in my car and I drove up from Olympia to Seattle, about 60,
70 miles. I get to his house and I, and John's there. And I go, well,
where are we going? And he goes, well, we need some grocery bags, you know? And,
uh, let's get on our bikes and let's go down. There I go. Well,
why all the secrecy and the, and the problem is, is we'll you'll see.
And I was the end of boats street and right at the university of Washington, uh,
right off of university avenue, there's boat street.
And we get there and right across the street as a police substation.
So we're there. And it was an eruption of this mushroom that had to be 10,000,
30,000 mushrooms. I don't know.
It was about 50 feet by 30 feet with all been mulched woodchips there was an
eruption that picked up, you know, trash and, you know,
debris that picked up six inches with solid mushrooms or mushrooms everywhere
I've to this day, never seen so many mushrooms in one concentrated area.
So we waited until the police cars went away and we're kind of idling there.
And then the police cars would go away. And from the substation,
we'd start picking mushroom, pick them up and we fill up groceries bag,
a bag or two, and then the other students were walking by, what are you doing?
Oh, nothing. You know? And then we eventually got, eh,
there's plenty for everybody, you know? So, um, so it was like pretty soon,
everyone's just all hanging out as a little group, like at the bus stop, right.
We're not really waiting for the bus, right.
We're waiting for the police cars to go away.
And then we picked all these martial misses out here.
We got about eight or 10 grocery bags full of these mushrooms,
help helpers on it,
turned out to be a new species called [inaudible] named after Daniel species,
new species. Uh, hadn't been discovered before,
had never been described in the scientific literature and before.
So you picked a mushroom that no one knew existed. There hasn't been,
hadn't been described scientifically.
We had known about it for about three years, but this is a largest eruption.
And from that collection became part of what, uh,
of the type collection that the anchor of the species taxonomically.
So I think some of the specimens still exist in her barrier around the world
because it's the reference standard.
So we go back to the house and it's like, we gotta dry them.
So we lay out newspapers and the whole, the whole, uh,
newspapers were just covered with mushrooms. And, um, and so that night,
you know, we, there's about four guys from Yale, all neurophysiology,
all scientists on scientists, track them and eat them.
And so, I mean, this is not very potent. Um, they're one 10th,
the potency of cubensis. So we made smoothies and uh,
oh my gosh. Talk about the gag reflux. So we had to make these spoons.
We had to eat 50 of them in order to have, uh,
a dose equivalent equivalent to Westlawn speak events. This would be,
so I knew that. So he made these incredibly distasteful, milkshakes, and, uh,
and we chugged them and we drank them. And, um,
and then a amazing experience. I bonded with my brother. It was beautiful.
And then you're peeking at the experience you look around and there's like tens
of thousands as Marshall. It was like, oh my gosh, I'm all for science. Um,
and so I go to bed and I'm, and I'm laying in bed and,
um, you know, full blown experience and, you know,
can barely sleep because all the colors are,
are keeping me awake and my mind is racing. And then I have a lucid dream
and I'm dreaming and I wake up and I go downstairs and I go,
I had this crazy dream and what's your dream? And I said, uh,
I saw thousands of cattle, dead baking in the sun.
I said, I think there's going to be a nuclear war. Well,
what could kill all these cattle? You know,
there's a time that the Reagan administration and, and all that, you know, the,
the, the attention was really high between the Soviet union, the United States.
And they said they were joking with me saying, oh, well, okay. You know what?
It's about to happen. I go,
I know I was in Olympia and I needed to rush up to Darrington,
to stay in my cabin because my books were up there. My manuscript is up there.
I need to save, save my research. So they laughed and they laughed. They said,
well, when's the world going to end Paul? And I go, well, it's not this weekend.
I was like, in two days, it's next weekend.
So they wrote on the calendar December 1st, I put it in my book.
I think it was 1975, the end of the world.
They wrote Paul predicts the end of the world. So we forgot about it.
Massive rains, the next week, huge amounts of snowfall.
And then on Wednesday, Thursday, temperature inversion,
and it flipped to 75 to 85 degrees. All the snow started to melt.
All the rivers were flooding. And my little cabin was right next to this river.
That would swell from the date of a morning tonight.
It would go up six feet just from the snow Melton. I mean,
because really close to this volcano and big glaciers as, oh my gosh,
I'm gonna lose my manage cup. All my research. I need to get up there.
I need to go up there.
And so I'm watching the news on news and the roads are being closed.
So I had to go through rock port Washington,
the back way in order to get back to my cabin.
I get to my cabin and the bank eroded about 10 feet. I was only about 10,
12 feet away from the, from the river.
Now my cabin was on the verge of falling into it, but I thought my manuscript,
I got all my books. You know, I rescued all the material I had,
but I couldn't get out of there because the roads open closed.
And so I had to wait, wait, two days, two days. And the roads then, uh,
opened up and I drove out out of the valley into Snohomish
valley. And I went around the bend and there the sun,
it was a brilliant sunny day, a warm day.
And they're floating in the fields where hundreds and hundreds of dead cattle.
How do you explain that? I entered, I think, into the multipurpose.
Now, as a scientist, you realize when you say something like that,
you open yourself up to ridicule. Do you feel hesitant to communicate these.
Well and to a degree? Yes, but you know, I'm 62 years of age and you know,
at one point I just don't care. I just don't care. You know? Um, this is true.
This happened to me. And, um,
I can push the envelope on the ideas because the credibility of my research is
well established. I can save the bees. Do you care whether I, uh,
have taken silicide mushrooms, if I can save your farm, your family,
your country, or the world, billions of dollars in protect biosecurity.
I care more. I care more that's right. So I'm telling you things,
I'm not making these up, I'm making this up. I don't have to. I just, um,
but just because you can't explain, it does not mean it's not true.
And I think that we need to accept the fact that the reality is not limited
to the perception that we have traditionally used.
That's a beautiful.